Pool of devices and async execution of multiple active devices supports (#381)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

  load quantum devices dynamically.
  [(#343)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/343)

* The runtime now supports multiple active devices via using a pool of devices.
  The new `RTDeviceInfoT` data-class and `QuantumDeviceInterface`collection of methods
  enable the runtime to better scope the lifetime of device instances and split the
  `QuantumDevice` API from device implementations. With these changes, one can create
  multiple active devices and execute multiple programs concurrently at runtime.

>   [(#377)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/377)

Reviewer: Hey @maliasadi! What does this change mean for the end-user? Are there any features etc. it unlocks? If so, any code examples we could add here?

   [1. 1. 1.]]
  ```

> * The runtime now supports multiple active devices via using a pool of devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The runtime now supports multiple active devices managed via a device pool.
```

  `__quantum__rt__device_init(int8_t *, int8_t *, int8_t *)`.
  [(#396)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/396)

* Add `DeviceReleaseOp` to the Quantum MLIR dialect. This will be lowered to
  the `__quantum__rt__device_release()` runtime instruction and releases the device

>   memory and update the status of the device instance from `ACTIVE` to `RELEASE`.

Author: I meant qubits :)

>   memory and update the status of the device instance from `ACTIVE` to `RELEASE`.

Reviewer 2: Why does device release release qubits? The whole point of this instruction was to separate that concern no?

>   memory and update the status of the device instance from `ACTIVE` to `RELEASE`.

Author: Removed it from the support and changelog. I added the release qubits to the release-device instruction to ensure all qubits are releases before deactivating a device. This is no longer required because of our IR model that the release-device instruction always comes after releasing all qubits of the device.
